sample() takes a label, and calib:false exists - because the described adapter would burn 167ms per sample and discard it

BIND-1 described its adapter as spreading shared.sample(where) and then layering its own calibration over
the result. That is correct in shape and expensive in fact, MEASURED on this box:

    sample('a-string')        342 ms
    sample({calib: false})    175 ms
    redundant calibration     167 ms per sample, ~155ms of it a CPU burn whose answer is DISCARDED

Called before every witness file, by a runner that ABORTS ON CONTENTION, on a laptop shared by three
sessions. That is the instrument becoming the load again - the same defect as the 2e8 workload and the
redundant warm-up, now arriving through the INTEGRATION rather than through either implementation. Neither
module is wrong on its own; the composition is.

TWO FIXES, both small.
  sample() now accepts a STRING as a label - the described call passes `where` and the previous version
  silently dropped it, so the field a caller thought it was recording did not exist.
  calib:false is documented at the call site rather than buried, with the measured cost stated, so the
  reason to pass it is visible to whoever writes the next adapter.

17 tests. The new one is non-vacuous: it asserts the label survives, that calibration is ON by default,
that calib:false removes calibMs entirely, AND that the count is still taken - an option that quietly
disabled the count while claiming to skip only the burn would be the same class of defect one layer down.

WORTH NAMING THE PATTERN, because this is the fourth instance today. A shelled tasklist returning zero. A
count that cannot see saturation. A baseline anchored to contaminated data. A warm-up that was itself
contamination. And now two correct instruments that, composed, pay twice. EVERY ONE WAS INVISIBLE FROM
INSIDE THE LAYER BELOW IT, and the last one is invisible from inside EITHER module - it exists only in the
relation between them. Which is the pytest finding from last night in a different domain: an incomplete
view of the composition manufactures a cost, or a compatibility, that neither part contains.

Message-File: scratch/e75-double-burn.txt

Co-Authored-By: Claude Opus 5 <noreply@anthropic.com>
